welcome to introduction to linear algebra
today we're going to cover the basics of vectors and matrices
a vector is an element of a vector space it has both magnitude and direction
let's look at this diagram on the board showing vector addition
as you can see when we add vector a plus vector b we get the resultant vector
now let me write the equation for matrix multiplication
the formula shown here demonstrates how each element is computed
this chart compares the performance of different algorithms
notice how the complexity grows as the matrix size increases
let's summarize what we learned today about linear algebra fundamentals